Everything goes perfect...
COG Institution Patient Registration and Enrollment on APEC1621 (master protocol) (system OPEN)
COG  messgae to MATCHBOX COG registration number: patient enrolled
COG issues email notification of enrollment to BPC
COG issues messaging Peds MATCH
  Institution submits Peds MATCH Specimen Transmittal Notes to self: (need to review) could implement screening question Y/N
  Specimens are shipped from institution(s) to BPC (all adequate)
(check if email notification to sequencing labs/MDA)
BPC receives blood (2 vials (EDTA and STRECK) and tumor block (FFPE)
2)	BPC accessioned specimens in STARS. 
         (patient names and DOB are required to be printed on manifest later) (audit when are held up by the absence of either of these?)
          path report should be recieved at this time (scanned?)
3)	BPC send specimens to CM and MGL for processing. (in STARS - checkpoint - specimen ownership)
AT THIS POINT IN NEXT SCENARIO COULD FAIL, NEED EARLIER ASSIGNMENT OF SURGICAL ID
a.	Blood in EDTA to MGL
b.	Tumor block to CM 
i.	BPC will look at tissue and create request to cut 30 slides (larger tissues) or 50 slides (smaller tissue).  CM will make final judgment and will contact BPC is the request needs to be updated.
4)	BPC process blood in streck for plasma > bank
5)	MGL extracts DNA from blood specimens.
a.	QC specimens (run get/run pico), create aliquots > bank (completed in STARS?) NOTE: Blood Specimens cannot 'fail'.
6)	Core Morph Lab cuts slide from tumor block (FFPE)
  	          Cuts = 1 HE, 4 unstained (from IHC), 30-50 unstained slides, 1 H&E
              Slides for IHC do not need to be vacuum sealed or wax dipped
7)	BPC picks up tumor block, stained slides and slides 4 unstained slides (for IHC)
a.	All specimens will be shipped back to BPC in STARS.  BPC will need to make a new request that have the unstained slides.
8)	BPC takes slides to Pathologist for review and slide annotation. (time allotement if there is a failure?)
a.	Call/page Dr. Arnold when receive a specimen for review
b.	Review sheet will need to be created at some time. ?????? if we scan anyway why can't we put data into VIPER2
            we offered to create case in VIPER2 to allow their pathologist to view images (no data input from MDA)
             required when slides are shipped
c.	  If low percent tumor, sent email out to group > do not move on (does anyone want to know about this major delay!!)
              can we audit this from VIPER2 or STARS to know why specimen failed?)
d.  	If not concordant, send email out to group > do not move on (same audit as above) 
9)	BPC takes HE annotated slides back to CM for macro dissection.
a.	BPC will send a CM request in STARS that has the stained slides and unstained slides.
10)	BPC enters path review forms into STARS (or initiates pull from VIPER)
11)	Core Morph scrapes the tumor section of the slides into a vial.  
a.	Completed CM request in STARS.
12)	BPC picks up stained slides and vial of scrapings.
a.	BPC will receive CM request and create a MGL request in STARS.
13)	BPC sends vial of scrapings to MGL.
14)	BPC sends annotated stained slides to VM for imaging, create case in VIPER

Day 2
15)	BPC coordinator receives paperwork from the previous day and QC specimens in STARS.
          	Received message triggered to MATCHBOX, PatientID, Surgical ID, Specimen Type..... you are here 
b.	Surgical event ID assigned to tumor specimen, check QC flag in STARS to trigger:
        Message, patient ID, surgical ID, specimens of <type list>, APEC1621, timepoint, collection...
          create record in PedsMatchIQ 
          send message to matchbox
          (audit/report in BIE to show history of pedsmatch communication standards)
16)	VM scans slides.
a.	Slides will first be scanned with the annotation, and then the annotations will be removed and rescanned. 
17)	BPC sends slides for IHC to MD Anderson. 
MDA receives slides for IHC
MDA accessions slides for IHC and runs tests
a.	A shipped message will be triggered to Match Box. 
b.	These should not be shipped until
MDA receives slides for IHC
MDA accessions slides for IHC and runs tests
MDA Pathology receives VIPER case creation?
MDA sends results to MATCHBOX for IHC
18)	VM sends creates case in VIPER for MD Anderson Pathology, all paperwork that must accompany slides <need checklist>
a.	Sends (seperate description) tumor stained slides to BPC.
19)	MGL extracts DNA and RNA from paraffin scrapings. 

Day 3
20)	MGL will create cDNA and run QC on all nucleic acid specimens (how do we check QC complete?) NEED TO CREATE Molecular ID here...
  determine the specimen characreistics we can pull from STARS to create molecular IDs in PEDSMATCHIQ, 
a.	Run gel, run pico (required results?)
b.	Make DNA dilutions and aliquots
c.	Run agilent
d.	Run nanodrop (upload? remind me what is this data again) 
21)	MGL director performs review of nucleic acid specimens (routine sign out)
22)	Create shipment in STARS > assign specimens -
          is search in distribution adequate to locate specimens to ship
          do you want to check lineage/audit in report to ensure came from peds match parent specimen?
a.	Molecular ID is assigned to each specimen added to the shipment, added to record in pedsmatchIQ
                  this data needs to be made immediately available to label maker, way to confirm audit? validate before shipping
                  generate a barcode and scan or validation feature
                  2D barcode generated in label maker
23)	Relabel specimen vials with sequencing center requirements.
a.	Molecular ID in 2D barcode...using label maker
24)	MGL physically ships and marks shipment in STARS as shipped.
          checklist: clinical treating physician report, shipping manifest, pathology report, pathology  concordnance set to Y
          If we do not assign the molecular ID until shipping, a specimen cannot be failed (need to assign these further upstream)!!! tdb
a.	Shipped message triggered to match box.
25)	MGL runs identity panel on tumor and blood specimens. - process to notify sequencing?? is this how we want this to work.
a.	Due to timing this will probably occur after specimens have been shipped.  ok - we have to be able to fail a specimen after shipment,
      is this input as a TEST, may need alternate trigger for the edge case.
26)	BPC banks slides




